This website is updated and maintained by Indian Railway Stations Development Corporation Limited,Government of India.

Though all efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of the content on this website, the same should not be construed as a statement of law or used for any legal purposes. In case of any ambiguity or doubts, users are advised o verify/check with the Indian Railway Stations Development Corporation Limited and/or other source(s), and to obtain appropriate professional advice.

Under no circumstances will Indian Railway Stations Development Corporation Limited be liable for any expense, loss or damage including, without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any expense, loss or damage whatsoever arising from use, or loss of use, of data, arising out of or in connection with the use of this website.

These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Indian Laws. Any dispute arising under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of India.

The information posted on this website could include hypertext links or pointers to information created and maintained y non-Government / private organizations. Indian Railway Stations Development Corporation Limited is providing these links and pointers solely for your information and convenience. When you select a link to an outside website, you are leaving the Indian Railway Stations Development Corporation Limited website and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website. Indian Railway Stations Development Corporation Limited, does not guarantee the availability of such linked pages at all times. Indian Railway Stations Development Corporation Limited cannot authorize the use of copyrighted materials contained in linked websites. Users are advised to request such authorization from the owner of the linked website Indian Railway Stations Development Corporation Limited does not guarantee that linked websites comply with Indian Government Web Guidelines.

Disclaimer
This website of the Indian Railway Stations Development Corporation Limited, is being maintained for information purposes only. Even though every effort is taken to provide accurate and up to date information, officers making use of the circulars posted on the website are advised to get in touch with the Indian Railway Stations Development Corporation Limited whenever there is any doubt regarding the correctness of the information contained therein. In the event of any conflict between the contents of the circulars on the website and the hard copy of the circulars issued by Indian Railway Stations Development Corporation Limited, the information in the hard copy should be relied upon and the matter shall be brought to the notice of the Indian Railway Stations Development Corporation Limited.